[Music]
a woman gives her baby a final kiss
before she's or he taken away to an
early
grave one glimpse of the tragedy
spreading through Gaza since Saturday
Palestinians are bearing the brunt of
War on a scale they haven't seen
before there's been no let up in the
Israeli bombardment of The Enclave on
Wednesday these aerial shots show the
extent of the
devastation Israeli air strikes have
reduced buildings to rubble and sent
people scrambling for
safety homes and businesses destroyed
phone and internet services cut and
water and electricity supplies
interrupted we were residents of what
was once alarama the entire area was
leveled to the
ground this is total Destruction total
Annihilation hundreds of Palestinians
have been killed and thousands
injured Rafa hospital is one of the
roughly 20 hospitals in the Gaza Strip
and it's at full capacity it doesn't
have enough staff or medicine to treat
the number of wounded another worry is a
lack of fuel to operate the
generators Israel's total Siege means no
supplies can enter Gaza
look behind you along those streets and
alleys hundreds are killed and buried
under the debris we have been abandoned
by the Arabs the whole world is watching
in
silence tens of thousands of
Palestinians have lost their homes but
they have nowhere to go the border
crossings with Israel and Egypt are
closed food and water supplies are
running low meaning not only they are
facing the threat of bombs and bullets
but also of hunger and thirst with
entire neighborhoods raised and fears of
an Israeli ground Invasion Aid agencies
are calling for humanitarian corridors
and for regional and international
intervention y Al jazer
Gaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer